I found that no matter how you say it, it is your lasting glory,
And even Zi Feng has been protected by you,
How can you do it like this? I'll give it to you.
Beat up the reporters my mother left behind,
Let him go in to find someone else. Go back now.
Let my mother still have Zifeng to give him some money,
Here you go, I understand, you are so embarrassed to say it,
It's really dissatisfying for you to fight against the family members in front of you because of a broken rank.
You deal with it, don't even think about trying it on you,
You understand that you are involved in crying for us,
As soon as we left the conversation, you went to see the lady,
Found out by my family, well they,
You are now like us and my relatives, get it,
This is your true intention, right?
I forgot my true intention
Or are you indifferent to right from wrong?
Now that they have convinced me, I will still go.
That's what I estimated
Of course it's your fault
Because you are standing here
Just a mistake
Today is the day I will die
They are all writers who come to stay for powerful people.
After all, the crowd is dissatisfied
The last time you broke into the Righteous Masters
Don't tell me how dare you attack his noble soldiers
Most deserving of death
I asked you to leave the venue a few days ago
If you go to apologize, it's just to save a small life.
It'll be there soon
I don’t want to be with Fei Hou like this
Help me set the price officially
Why do you care what he does?
Such arrogance as his
holding Shaohui link
I know it's clear
but i really love
I miss you
So because some rubbish guys monitor everything in one circle
I will protect you from the price in the future.
This is my tradition
According to the group
A company worth 500 million yuan is being monitored without representation.
This photo is missing a lot
That’s five hundred million
The marriage between you two is a strong union.
It's clear that it costs me
Ten thousand times stronger
Come on, let's go